DOC-1671: Commit generated API docs (#2454)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: README.md

#### TinyMCE API documentation

> The TinyMCE API documentation is maintained within the [TinyMCE project repository](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce) and compiled for the documentation site using the above `yarn build` command.

Reviewer: This change is incorrect... it's still compiled by MoxieDoc.

- [ ] Revert this change please

Author: Reverted

The TinyMCE API documentation is maintained within the [TinyMCE project repository](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce) and compiled for the documentation site using [MoxieDoc](https://github.com/tinymce/moxiedoc).

> To update the published API documentation, change the version in the `.api-version` file, run `yarn build` and then commit the changes. Running `yarn build` will download the TinyMCE package specified in `.api-version` and generate new API reference content from source code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update the published API documentation:

1. change the version in `.api-version`.
2. run `yarn build`.
3. commit the changes.

Running `yarn build` downloads the TinyMCE package specified in `.api-version` and generates new API reference content from source.
```
Putting procedures in lists makes them easier to follow (and makes folks slightly less likely to skip a step).

Also some minor edits.

> **Note:** The API documentation should never be edited manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The API documentation should never be edited manually.
```

*NOTE:* is an [admonition block](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/blocks/admonitions/). It doesn’t need to be marked-up for presentation purposes, our CSS will do that for us.

Reviewer: @brian-forte this is **Markdown** not AsciiDoc 😉

The TinyMCE API documentation is maintained within the [TinyMCE project repository](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce) and compiled for the documentation site using [MoxieDoc](https://github.com/tinymce/moxiedoc).

> Running `yarn build` will download the latest TinyMCE package and generate new API reference content from source code. This API documentation must be generated and updated on the documentation site with each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update the published API documentation, change the version in the `.api-version` file, run `yarn build` and then commit the changes. Running `yarn build` will download the TinyMCE package specified in `.api-version` and generate new API reference content from source code.

**Note:** The API documentation should never be edited manually.
```
We don't need the last sentence and it doesn't download the latest version so that part isn't quite correct. Also we're missing the details about committing the changes to make it appear, so I think the above should address those issues.

Author: Thanks @lnewson
